add basic doc explaining how to get the app set up (#60)
googleinterns/FarmLink: README.md

    => application_name 
    Do you want to use ESLint to catch probable bugs and enforce style?
    => No
    Do you want to install dependencies with npm now?
    => Yes

After this, you should see the following message:

    ✔ Firebase initialization complete!

## Step #3: Setup Firebase Firestore

Go to the database tab in Firebase console and create a database set to `test mode` and choose your hosting location.

If you would like to test Firebase Firestore locally, run `firebase serve` in the functions directory. We recommend using [Postman](https://www.postman.com/) as a tool for testing the APIs.

If you get an error regarding credentials when you run `firebase serve`, then use the following steps to fix it:

1. Go to the **Project Settings** tab in the Firebase Console
2. Go to the **Service Accounts tab**
3. There will be an option of **Generating a New Key**. Click on that option and it will download a file with a `.json` extension.
4. Use the command below to connect these credentials 

    export GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS="/home/user/Downloads/[FILE_NAME].json

And run: `firebase login --reauth`

## Step #4: Setup Firebase Authentication

> Go to the **Project Settings > General** in Firebase Console and select the web application icon (which should contain `</>` in the icon). Now follow the process for making the web application. At the end of the process you will click **Continue to Console** and see a `.json` with the firebase config. Paste the contents of this `.json` into the `config.js` file in the **functions > util** directory of the application repository.

Reviewer: Not totally necessary, but for these UI-heavy sections a screenshot or two would be very helpful!

Author: where would I put the image files in the repository or should I create public links to them?

Reviewer: Kind of anywhere you want.  You'll probably want them separate from the source code so people don't get confused.  [Here's some advice](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/10189356/how-to-add-screenshot-to-readmes-in-github-repository) on how to link them.  There's a clever idea there that will allow you to avoid checking them into master at all:

> Additionally, if you create a new branch screenshots to store the images you can avoid them being in the master working tree

Author: So that Angeline can update her README, I am going to merge this branch. I will add some pictures or gifs then create a different pull request! Definitely a great tip!

> # FarmLink

Reviewer: Blank lines are important in Markdown.  Some of them are technically optional, but they can quickly become mandatory and mess up your layout.  I'm adding suggested changes to add all of the blank lines that will ensure your layout is correct.

> # FarmLink

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# FarmLink

```

Our capstone project is a web application that helps FarmLink, a non-profit organization that moves food surplus from farms around the country to food banks in need, automate the process of matching a food bank with a farm.

> # How to get application running!

Reviewer: ```suggestion

# How to get application running!

```

In this README file we will briefly explain how to get this application up and running on your computer. Feel free to reach out to the contributors to the repo for any further assistance.

> ## Step #1: Clone the Repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Step #1: Clone the Repository

```

> Navigate to the directory where you would like to clone the repository. Then navigate to the main page of the repository, press the green code button, and then copy the link under "Clone with HTTPS".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a terminal, navigate to the directory where you would like to clone the repository. Then in your browser, navigate to the main page of the repository, press the green code button, and then copy the link under "Clone with HTTPS".
```

> Now enter the following command into terminal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now enter the following command into your terminal:
```

>     git clone https://hostname/YOUR_USERNAME/YOUR-REPOSITORY

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    git clone https://hostname/YOUR_USERNAME/YOUR-REPOSITORY

```

> At this point all the folders within the repository should have successfully downloaded locally.

Reviewer 2: This feels _too_ in depth. You could just link to another one of the myriad of git docs that explain how to clone a directory.

Reviewer: Agreed, I'd just link to GitHub's documentation for this.

> ## Step #2: Download Dependencies 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step #2: Download Dependencies 

```

If you haven't installed npm, navigate to this [download tutorial](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm) and do so before continuing.

> Now navigate to the view directory within the code base an run the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now, navigate to the view directory within the codebase and run the following command:
```

> Now navigate to the view directory within the code base an run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now navigate to the `view` directory within the code base an run the following command:
```

>     ~/farmlink/view npm install

Reviewer: This assumes that the user cloned into `~/farmlink`, which is probably not the case.  You might want to mention this assumption explicitly.

Now repeat the process in the functions directory:

>     ~/farmlink/functions npm install

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ~/farmlink/functions npm install

```

Now you can test if the React application runs by running the following command in the view directory (if it doesn't run, you will likely need to download a missing dependency)

>     ~/farmlink/functions npm start

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ~/farmlink/functions npm start

```

If it runs, then you are good to go onto the next step!

> ## Step #3: Setup Firebase

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Step #3: Setup Firebase

```

> Create a project in Firebase and run the following after doing so:

Reviewer 2: How does one create a project in Firebase? (link to docs?)

    ~/farmlink/functions npm install -g firebase-tools
    firebase init

> Once you have run `firebase init`, answer the prompts as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Once you have run `firebase init`, answer the prompts as follows:
```

    Which Firebase CLI features do you want to set up for this folder? 
    => Functions: Configure and deploy Cloud Functions
    First, let’s associate this project directory with a Firebase project...
    => Use an existing project
    Select a default Firebase project for this directory
    => application_name 
    Do you want to use ESLint to catch probable bugs and enforce style?

>     => N

Reviewer 2: Why N?

    Do you want to install dependencies with npm now?
    => Y

> After this, you should see the following message:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

After this, you should see the following message:
```

    ✔ Firebase initialization complete!

> ## Step #3: Setup Firebase Firestore

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Step #3: Setup Firebase Firestore

```

> Go to the database tab in Firebase console and create a database set to `test mode` and choose `us-central` as your hosting location.

Reviewer: Does it really matter what they choose as their hosting location?  I would expect they'd want to pick the one closest to their users.

If you would like to test Firebase Firestore locally, run `firebase serve` in the functions directory. We recommend using [Postman](https://www.postman.com/) as a tool for testing the APIs.

If you get an error regarding credentials when you run `firebase serve`, then use the following steps to fix it:

> 1. Go to the **Project Settings** tab in the Firebase Console

Reviewer: ```suggestion

1. Go to the **Project Settings** tab in the Firebase Console
```

> 2. Go to the **service accounts tab**

Reviewer 2: nit: should `service` be capitalized?

3. There will be an option of **Generating a new key**. Click on that option and it will download a file with a `.json` extension.
4. Use the command below to connect these credentials 

> `export GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS="/home/user/Downloads/[FILE_NAME].json`

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    export GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS="/home/user/Downloads/[FILE_NAME].json
```

And run: `firebase login --reauth`

> ## Step #4: Setup Firebase Authentication

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Step #4: Setup Firebase Authentication

```

> Go to the **Project Settings > General** in Firebase Console and select the web application icon (which should contain `</>` in the icon). Now follow the process for making the web application. At the end of the process you will click **continue to console** and see a `.json` with the firebase config. Now, go an paste the contents of this `.json` into the `config.js` file in the **functions > util** directory of the application repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Go to the **Project Settings > General** in Firebase Console and select the web application icon (which should contain `</>` in the icon). Now follow the process for making the web application. At the end of the process you will click **continue to console** and see a `.json` with the firebase config. Paste the contents of this `.json` into the `config.js` file in the **functions > util** directory of the application repository.
```

## Step #5: Setup Cloud Storage

> Go to **Firebase console > Storage** and click the **Get started** button (follow the directions to set up Cloud Storage)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Go to **Firebase console > Storage** and click the **Get started** button. Follow the directions to set up Cloud Storage.
```

Now go to the **Rules** tab and update the rules to the following:

    rules_version = '2';
    service firebase.storage {
	    match /b/{bucket}/o {
		    match /{allPaths=**} {
			    allow read;
			}
		}
	}

> ## Finished!

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Finished!

```

> At this point everything should be set up in terms of the repository and Firebase. We hope you enjoy using our code and feel free to reach out to the contributors with any questions. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At this point, the repository and Firebase should be set up. We hope you enjoy using our code and feel free to reach out to the contributors with any questions. 
```

> To finish everything off, here is a very basic description of the repository structure:

Reviewer 2: Maybe add an #Appendix section?

* `~/farmlink/functions` > contains all of the Cloud Functions (handle all of the CRUD operations / backend)
* `~/farmlink/view` > contains the React Application (handles all of the frontend of the application)

> # Development Tips

Reviewer: ```suggestion

# Development Tips

```

> ## Back-End

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Back-End

```

    cd functions
    firebase serve

> ## Front-End

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Front-End

```

    cd view
    npm start

> # Deployment Tips

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Deployment Tips

```

> ## Back-End

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Back-End

```

    cd functions
    firebase deploy

> ## Front-End

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Front-End

```

# FarmLink

> Our capstone project is a web application that helps FarmLink, a non-profit organization that moves food surplus from farms around the country to food banks in need, automate the process of matching a food bank with a farm.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Our capstone project is a web application that helps FarmLink, a non-profit organization that moves food surplus from farms around the country to food banks in need, by automating the process of matching a food bank with a farm.
```
